hi this is pressed Hall Walker and today
we're going to discuss the cognitive
reflection test which is like a
three-question IQ test I'm going to
present the questions to you on the next
slide take your time to read them and
answer them and then we'll discuss the
results so here are the questions
I'm going to move on to discuss the
results but if you need more time just
go back in the video
although these three questions seem very
easy people don't do very well on them
in a study in 2005 an astounding 83
percent of people missed at least one
question 33% of the people missed all
three questions and even MIT students
only 48% of them got all the questions
right there is also an interesting
difference between men and women this is
a quote from the paper that men scored
significantly higher than women an
average of one point four seven versus a
1.0 three and this is an unusual result
because men and women tend to score
about the same on all sorts of other
standardized tests so how did you do the
answers are five cents five minutes and
forty seven days I would like to grade
yourself honestly and leave your score
in the comment I have a feeling that
mind your decisions viewers will tend to
do better than average thanks for
watching and please subscribe to my
channel you can also catch me on my blog
mind your decisions on twitter at
pressure locker and get my ebooks on
Amazon